the Caribbean coast of Costa Rica has a
rich forest community including capuchin
monkeys Capucines are among the most
intelligent of all monkeys which is just
as well as babies like this have a lot
to learn
living in these beachside forests
they've got access to a huge variety of
food and these resourceful monkeys
make the most of it
monkeys moving in these forests there's
no shortage of fruit and nuts but
Capucines keep a sharp eye out for other
opportunities to their hands are almost
as dexterous as ours from insects to
birds eggs they eat just about anything
they can find
after the main course there's even a
sweet honey dessert as well as the
forest buffet there's a swamp behind the
beach
but there's always something tasty to be
found like this frog
and to wash it all down a drink from a
freshwater stream there's a special
delicacy if you know where and when to
look the clever Capucines have learned
to visit the swamp at low tide for clams
finding them is easy opening them takes
bran as well as brains
but eventually they crack it for a
nutritious seafood treat